Project #8 - Submission form

Please fill in this form and submit it with your project #8.

Enter no more than 5 user stories that you did for the assignment that you would like to be
graded on. For each story include the following information:

Story number and name: 4 - Activity Feed
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
Click button labelled 'Activity' on the TopBar and it will display a list of the 5 most recent activities done by any user.
There is a button labelled 'Refresh' on the ActivityFeed page which will trigger an update of the activity feed.

Story number and name: 5 - Deleting Comments, Photos, and Users
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
If you are logged in as the user who wrote the comment, there will be an IconButton with an 'x' beside your comment.
Click that button to delete the comment.
If you are logged in as the user who uploaded the photo, there will be an IconButton with a trash icon underneath your photo.
Click that button to delete the photo.
If you are logged in as the user whose display page belongs to, there will be a button labelled 'Delete User' on your user details page.
Clicking that button will result in a message saying 'Are you sure you want to delete your account?' and 2 buttons showing up,
one labelled 'Delete' and the other labelled 'Cancel'.
Clicking 'Delete' would result in your user being deleted, along with your photos, comments and likes on other user's photos, and your
recent activities being removed from the Activity Feed page.

Story number and name: 6 - Photo Like Votes
Story points: 4
Brief description to see the story in action:
Click button IconButton with an empty heart icon underneath the photo and it will update the number of likes of that photo and change the IconButton into
one with a filled heart icon, and it will again update the number of likes of that photo when clicked.
Photos will be sorted based on likes, but not immediately as you click the button since it is not a good UX to have the
photos being sorted every time the like button is clicked.

Total Story Points: 12

Marketing Video URL (ensure permissions are set to public viewing): https://youtu.be/ZnVWqRuwHko

Is it OK with you if we post your Marketing Video URL on the class discussion forum? Yes

Any special instructions for Grading (should be easy to run app from new machine): No
